this video is brought to you by honey
the free browser extension that saves
you money also a good spread so there's
been a lot of discussion around possible
balance issues on the Western servers
recently and the two groups of the
center of debate the baby boomers and
the Millennials are quick to blame the
other side for the problems they're
experiencing the baby boomers all high
level players will tell you the
Millennials are ungrateful for the
expansions that were built for them and
don't know what it's really like to
grind for XP while the Millennials who
are all high enough level to watch porn
without getting banned but new school
enough to be able to text with their
thumbs will tell you the baby boomers
were playing with lower difficulty and
purposely patched the game in their
favor to the detriment of new players as
a millennial player myself I wanted to
take an objective look at the advantages
and disadvantages of each generation and
see what balanced updates could be
implemented to improve the game so of
course we have to start with the
tutorial levels 1 through 18 and it
looks to me like the advantage goes to
the Millennials because during the
tutorial as a baby boomer if you don't
do with the mods tell you to do you take
damage if you don't do what your hosts
tell you to do you take damage basically
if you fail an objective you take damage
from anything ranging from a flip-flop
to a wooden spoon all the way to a
leather belt until you get it right but
as a low-level millennial helicopter
hosts make sure you're safe and everyone
gets a reward even if they fail a quest
so while both groups end up emotionally
crippled in the long run Millennials
don't look like it on the outside with
that said Millennials didn't get to grow
up with as many similar level players in
the same clan so many of them didn't get
to develop their social skill trees
effectively but they did have better
survivability because of the
overprotective hosts as an example in my
playthrough my hosts would always panic
and mass text me about his home late or
wasn't back from school yet but back in
earlier expansions if a host took their
six players to the park and only five
showed up when it was time to leave
that's just one less subscription to pay
for in sum I definitely say the early
game favors Millennials especially if
you're playing is anything other than
the Caucasian race because back in the
baby boomer expansion most of the game's
features weren't available if you played
anything else and even if you were a
Caucasian male you couldn't even play
co-op with another dude
but either way both groups of players
have well past the tutorial so we need
to talk about the mid game so a big
downside for Millennials in the mid game
is their education as in they need one
and if you want a good profession then
you're pretty much forced to by the
college or university DLC which takes at
least four years to download and that
wasn't bad enough then they get you with
the 200 dollar textbook
microtransactions on the other hand for
baby boomers after you finished the
tutorial levels you would either
immediately go into a well-paying
profession for the rest of your game
time or you got to play test the Vietnam
map pack also usually for the rest of
your game time now if we look at the
meta during the mid game while baby
boomers have the opportunity to play
through one of the most economically
prosperous periods of the Western
servers Millennials have access to a ton
more cool features like birth control
and memes a lot of overlap there but you
get the idea along the same vein finding
a co-op companion is much easier in
recent updates where for Millennials if
you're desperate enough it's as easy as
downloading an app banging out a selfie
in your bathroom and in half an hour you
might just find someone who'd settle in
contrast baby boomers had to physically
be in the same room to play co-op which
is clearly an outdated game mechanic
that won't be coming back another
difficulty for millennial players is
that while the game has way more
features than ever before the monthly
fees are higher than ever in fact it's
not uncommon for groups of two to four
Millennials to party up in order to pay
for their subscription which leads me to
believe that baby boomer players had a
marginal advantage going into the
endgame but with that said as time goes
on we reach a point of speculation
because by definition there aren't
enough high-level Millennials to know
what their end game will look like and
the current rate that expansions in DLC
are being added the game we might see
things like the level cap getting
drastically raised in the future
scripts being implemented to reduce the
amount of time players need to spend
grinding for expir dollars and possibly
even new maps opening up for us to
explore on the other hand there's also a
chance that the global warming bug
causes water levels to gradually rise as
areas become too hot to inhabit forcing
us into smaller and smaller pockets of
land as we're gradually eliminated by
super intelligent AI via battle royale
in contrast the baby boomer late-game is
much more consistent predictable and
despite a plethora of content being
added to the game in the last 10 years
most of these players have only just
now latched onto Netflix and just some
of them have learned how to text albeit
with the stylings of a stranded sailor
whose last dying breath was okay Google
so at this stage we have to ask
ourselves what kind of balance updates
could we implement that would make the
game more fair some players have talks
about a buff to the minimum amount of
dollars you can earn for an hour of your
game time allowing millennial players to
afford their subscriptions more easily
before they're replaced by bots other
players have suggested increasing the
subscription fee for well equipped
high-level players and using some of
those dollars to pay for lower level
players DLC and some players just want
weed it's a complicated situation so
like all balance discussions we need
players to voice their opinions and I
think the best way to do that is by
continuing to share personal anecdotes
on anonymous online forums with other
unrated players and looking for ways to
make our playthrough
just a bit more manageable so if you are
interested in lessening your struggle I
recommend trying out our sponsor honey
which I've used for a few years myself
it's a free browser extension you can
run whenever you go to a websites
checkout page where it automatically
tests coupon codes it's found for you at
no cost as an example let's pretend I'm
shopping online for pizza strange way to
describe the process but either way I
say to myself how about our tried
Domino's that seems like a place that
would have online coupon codes because I
just checked so I go there and put in my
order
6 of wine pizzas extra extra pineapple
no ham just the usual and we go to the
checkout we can run honey click apply'
coupons and right away I get $33 off
admittedly that might be out of pity but
it was still incredibly easy so well
even though that exercise was redundant
because I've memorized every coupon code
to all local pizza places honey does pop
up to give you discounts on everything
from shoes to computer equipment to
whatever it can find so it never hurts
to have it sit there in the background
you want to give it a go it's completely
free and you can go to join honey calm
/schedule II explained click Add honey
then click Add extension and you're done
in literally 10 seconds that's join
honey calm casually explained and the
whole thing is free so give it a go
[Music]